文字 // Justin Voitic攝影 // Kuna Lu | Kuna Photography GroupOn Saturday, July 16th 2016 Kuna Photography & Justin Voiticcovered the 8th annual Deighton Cup for HUSH Magazine.We had a rousing time as all the hottest Vancouver fashionistas gathered at the Hastings Racetrack for a good old fashioned day at the races. The sweet smell of cigar smoke was in the air, you could hear the sound of champagne bottles popping amidst laughter and great conversations..This event was filled with stylish and sexy individuals! The men were fine in their best dapper derby inspired looks.The women were also dressed to the nines, and I think I saw some of the largest and most ornate fascinators to date this year as everyone went all out on their looks!We saw excited bidders waving their tickets and shouting for the horse they had placed their bets on as the horses raced around the tracks with impressive speed.It’s always a pleasure to see the owner of The Optical Boutique(who recently fitted Kuna with some stylish new frames which I was coveting that day) Sue Randhawa – this woman is not only a dear friend and a sweet soul but she is a style icon who we are fortunate to have with us here in Vancouver.Sue was one of the judges of the Deighton Cup Style Stakes Awards, which we enjoyed watching this year. Stephanie Zen who attended with us and myself also self-nominated ourselves which was a new feature this year. Stephanie was rocking a baby blue number with a matching Hermes Kelly bag which gave me life!Kudos to Crystal Carson, the Style Director of the Deighton Cupwho really did a fab job teaching everyone the fashion etiquette and history of the event with her fun posts and news appearances leading up to this year’s cup. It looks like everyone took note as the crowd was looking extra chic this year!To make things fair, Crystal Carson pulled self nominated fashionistas up on stage at random by drawing ballots.One of our lovely friends Dominique Hanke was called up on stage, and I was obsessing over her hat which she crafted beautifully. The legendary Liz Bell did the final judging and the best dressed man and woman were awarded each $500 for the Style Stakes Awards.I pulled my outfit together last minute out of my closet using clothes I had purchased with my personal shopper who you should all go visit at Topman, Mr. Nano Clow. I was rocking accessories pulled from the company I work for, LXR&CO also located in Hudson’s Bay. Specializing in vintage luxury we just moved our location upstairs to the Main Floor in handbags. FromLXR&CO at this event I was wearing Tom Ford glasses, a damier ebene Louis Vuitton briefcase, and a Balenciaga clutch wallet. You can purchase all three for under $2000 which is an excellent value. I always love to rock eco-fashion looks so I paired my pre-loved LXR&CO luxury swag with a vintage fox fur that I had thrifted.After the winners were announced, the music kicked back in and the party really started to pick up as the sun came out and we made our way to enjoy the complimentary meals, which were delicious!Extra thanks to our friends at Veuve Clicquot for having us in your private booth and popping some of your delicious bubbles with us!With over 4000 attendees this year, The Deighton Cup is just getting bigger and more amazing each year, also more fierce as everyone really does go all out which is nice to see in Vancouver! Props to Camber Communications for doing a fabulous job, and it was so great to see everyone. See you all next at Diner en Blanc, Vancouver!!! 官網原文